We want to create an app workspace to collaborate with our colleagues,
let's do that now.
So we are back again in our Power BI service overview and now we go to the workspace section, right
here
and as you can see, at the moment we only have one workspace, my workspace
and down here we can create an app workspace.
So this workspace that we need to be able to collaborate with other people in our organization.
So let's click on create app workspace then right here.
Now we have to define a name of our group,
let's name it
test-collab for collaborate,
we got that.
Now we have to decide if this is private or public.
I would say we leave it as private, right here
and let's scroll down
and now we want to decide what the people can do in that group.
Well I would say that members can edit that because we want to collaborate in that file, so we can set
it too here and now you have to add the e-mail addresses of your group members.
I will do that right now and you can do the same,
so I added Maximillian right here and press add,
now you can see that Max is a member of that group
and if I press save now,
then we can see that we have a new app workspace right here.
And we selected that already,
so if I clicked right here, then we are in that new workspace that we created.
Now if we click right here, you can see that this workspace is empty of course because previously, we
work in our private workspace,
now we work in our app workspace.
So the first thing we have to do in this app workspace, we have to reconnect our app workspace or our
Power BI service application with the Power BI Desktop file. We know how to do that,
so we simply click onto files and get, select our local fire right now,
press right here and open and we now got the same structure that we had before.
Let me maybe close that right here.
So we have the dataset right there,
we have the report right here with the same visualizations of course and we have the empty dashboard,
right there.
Now let's maybe quickly pin one visual to that dashboard.
So we go to report right here, select that chart maybe and press pin right here and we would like
to pin it to the existing dashboard.
This is fine,
so let's press pin right there
and close that message again, go to the dashboard and see that we have this information now in our
dashboard in the app workspace.
That's the important difference to my workspace that we had before
and Maximillian can now also edit that visualization if he wants to.
So he's free to work in that workspace just the way we saw it in the personal workspace before
but now we can collaborate with two or more people
and if we want to see how many group members you actually have in your app workspace, then simply go to
work spaces right here and next to the workspace name,
so right here, you can find those dots and if you click onto those, then you can either leave the group
which doesn't make a lot of sense right now or you can edit the group, like this. And then you can see
what the group looks like,
so what the settings are like
and then you can also view the group and you can see the members of the group,
in that case it's me and Maximillian. We know that,
so we can press cancel right here and go back to our dashboard maybe.
Now we have an app workspace, right
and let's assume we worked together on this beautiful dashboard and we now want to share this dashboard
with other people and by sharing, I mean that they shouldn't be able to edit that but they simply want
to see the results in the end,
so we have to create an app, that's why we have that app option right here.
Let's see how we can create such an app and how we can then share our content with other people in the
next video.